# Lavaflow client vergadering 22-04-2022

## Opening

Vergadering geopend om [TIJD]
Vergadering gesloten om [TIJD]
[NAAM] notuleert.

## Mededelingen

- [MEDEDELING]

### GitHub would be nice

- Netlify hosting
- Custom pipeline
- Configuring minimum x approvals for merging a PR
- Rename repository to "lavaflow"

- Why GitLab?
  - Maintenance downtime
  - More hassle with CI/CD (pull limits & resources)
- Otherwise, can we maybe have repo admin rights in GitLab?

### Ask about testing

- Testing is not really relevant for this project
- Thomas mentioned that testing is important, however graphics are quite hard to test.
- Testing with people is posible to do

### Ask about expertise of the TA - @Abel

- Thomas mentioned that TA's would be pointed to by the project that they have some knowledge about.

### [BESPREEK PUNT 3]

### Tijdsplanning en milestones

- Eerste doel is [DOEL 1]

## Wvttk

1. [WAT VERDER TER TAFEL KOMT]
